hey guys welcome to my channel today I'm
gonna become a real American student
just for a day to show you how it all
looks like housing life of American
students works so if you're interested
continue watching this one
[Music]
hi I am marina with language chef
checking in perfect thank you so much
[Music]
your life is when you start living a
life of a language student you start on
Saturday or Sunday this is when you
arrive at a destination and the number
one task is to check in to your
residence I'm seeing in a student hotel
today it's like student residence Kaplan
the school worm studying rents out
several rooms for its students and the
cool thing is it's super central and
this is a really basic room but this is
the first time when I see a flat TV in a
student residence
[Music]
I've lived in many I lived in Dresden I
had to buy my own TV I lived in London
no TV
but it was San Francisco a small fridge
this is a really basic this is for you
to enjoy the same this is for you to
sleep and do your homework
but you have to stay outside you have to
communicate with people because that's
the goal of your trip see I hear you do
your homework you want to feel like San
Francisco they have the heater really
old-fashioned well I have a little
better view if you watch my Instagram
stories yes this is super basic but this
is exactly where we started when we came
first to San Francisco
[Music]
this place reminds me of Yuta in this is
a small hotel here in San Francisco we
came there when we took interview at Y
Combinator and we were looking for like
budget options so when you travel the
best places to stand budget are student
residences and taking a course and
staying in the student residence help
you save money let's look at the back
room
[Music]
I think communism is already here in
America whenever I go I see the same
things like this mirror I took a group
of Russian kids to New York to study
English they had the same mirrors in the
residences their bathrooms in America
this this one is pretty clean by the way
yeah it looks like looks like new
the baths are really little by the way
in Russia the baths set like this here
in America it's more comfortable to have
a lower bathroom and there is another
section in this room wardrobe safe box
yes pretty cool
the next thing that you should took when
you travel from abroad to America I
guess the minimum hours that you trial
is like 12 cuz Brazil is like 15 hours
Korea's like 12 hours Russia is like 15
hours so the first thing I advise you to
do is go to bed because your body's so
exhausted this is what I'm gonna do now
cuz I had to wake up 7 a.m. and it's
late already so I'm gonna go to bed I
will see you tomorrow and we're gonna go
to a real English language
[Music]
I don't like early warning can't just
stay here okay time to wake up go to
school
there's no breakfast at the residence so
we're gonna go
[Music]
Good Morning America when you live in
San Francisco you have to make sure you
have a little warm clothes because it's
so cool to take my residence has a
kitchen but I decided to pretend that
I'm a real American and my breakfast and
a cafeteria let's go
one vanilla cloth kappa logic he needed
with all muna and one latte with almond
milk
[Music]
I decided to treat myself to a fancy
breakfast today I'm having bagel and
Vagos traditional American foods they
put a lot of stuff in it too - with
salmon and I also have couples couple
latte with almond milk it will be a lot
cheaper to cook at the residents in the
kitchen but because I'm doing this video
and you should totally treat yourself
when you're here when you finish school
do something like this have breakfast
somewhere it cost me $15 I know it's a
lot but that's San Francisco and this is
a very fancy place all right I'm very
excited about my first day of school
I've got my notebook and I came a little
earlier this is my notebook so it's a
good idea to bring your own to write
things down and yeah I'm gonna register
for my classes
[Music]
school is not just about sitting in the
class so after my classes I'm looking
for an activity that I can do for free
with a school and today they're
recruiting some Brazilian desserts and
yeah really excited to try it so
basically all of the activities will be
on the activity wall and you just choose
whatever you want to doing the afternoon
[Music]
okay are we ready what is the difference
between adjectives and adverbs what is
the difference
adverbs cope with action adjectives girl
go with a noun or an object yeah and
where are you from ephram's videos yeah
I live here like 10 minutes okay from
here
I moved 2 years ago to run my company
it's like a booking platform for
language courses linguist keep giving
out
[Music]
so the adjectives always describes a
noun in this case it describes the room
the person how do you make an adverb
usually careful changes to carefully
carefully exactly now let's look at the
position where is the adverb is it
before the verb or after the bird after
okay it is always after the verb
peaceful gentle happy happy happy
happily so in English we have many
different kinds of adverbs find all of
the adverbs which describe
[Music]
need any help okay all right honey easy
cool all the action adverbs the
frequency adverbs magic finger
[Music]
waited very good English yeah I love
your eyes
my favorite part of a day at school is
activities in the afternoon and
everybody can participate and I
encourage you guys to participate
because this is the time where you meet
people outside of your class you meet
people from other countries and you're
not just like saying hi my name is where
you know in promotion you actually make
things together and this is the best so
today we're gonna make some Brazilian
dessert and I'm excited to read those
guys let's go and see it
[Music]
you're going to meet marina okay so just
listen real quick hey hi everyone my
name is marina I'm here with you for a
couple of days because I want to shoot a
video for my followers so they could see
how the student life looks like here in
San Francisco I came here from Russia
two years ago I run a company called
linguae trip we help students study
abroad and it will serve lager I have
more than a million subscribers in
YouTube so you're gonna see yourself the
blog is called lingual marina and I'm
really excited to participate today
thank you so much for hosting me and
then what should we do to get my note
that flower should we start the tough
you I love it Russian thing is this is
resilience yeah a bigger denim a bigger
data I love stuff yoga yeah this is
gonna be like pudding right yeah I put
inside nice wait how long did it take
you to fly from Brazil Oh 50 hours 15
hours just like Russia and it takes us
with 2 hours as well so make sure it
tastes like Russian
[Music]
to the fridge and this is big enough
yeah Brazilian food like last week we
made Chinese food and the foam for that
we made like French food so today
they're making brigadeiro and then and
then we just all eat it and you're one
of the teachers or yeah I work
downstairs with Liam we're at the front
desk
oh cool and I believe the activity so
all the social stuff it's nice and I
like how you learn the language like you
still explain them what's going on yeah
this is a freezer this is the fridge
this is how you learn the language yeah
this is a map where students pin the
city where they came from but guess what
we should do which we should don't learn
how to market from the Russians
there's the only guy who came from
Russia from somewhere in Brno and he
pins his Instagram nickname this is how
you market yourself this is how you
build your personal brand where are you
guys from
you're both from Japan oh yeah oh and
how long are you here I've been here for
five months how is your English how's
the progress it's gone yeah yeah and
what is your goal why do you learn
English what is it professor Canyon I
think I think I'm learning Portuguese
here that's the key right okay
know where you're from so I really like
oh so good you should try it it's really
good
[Music]
and what is your goal with English yeah
I have to finish in China next year
spring so I have to get me one level
here mm-hmm it's really sad but I think
I will finish you
yeah you know it's totally possible
you're really good the setting English
[Music]
you like it here
yeah I'm going to South Korea end of
August do you know any cool bloggers who
blog about studying English from Korea
you don't know eat you know okay I'm
just asking around and how long are you
here for
Wow on a student visa right just like
extending your course Oh is your name
Jim Gino I'm marina yeah nice to meet
you thank you so much
more food Wow
I thought tapioca was like around just
like hmm you keep bringing really tasty
things I love it it's like so good it's
like chewing gum
I was investment not healthy very good
okay now it's the time we've tried to
Brazilian desserts and now we're gonna
try the third one the one that the girls
have just prepared it's out from the
fridge that's good Wow
[Music]
Jame Gumb with caramel taste
eat a lot of sugar in Brazil like every
time he was so sweet of bass yeah yeah
very good
[Music]
thank you so much yep all right guys
thank you so much follow me I'm really
hungry now on you thank you
unfortunately this day is coming to an
end it was great to become a student for
a day and the coolest thing that you can
do the same you can come to a language
school and immerse yourself into
language and talk to people from so many
different countries I was really excited
to connect with people from Brazil
because I know I have a lot of you
Brazilians watching and try your
desserts oh my god you can never have
enough sugar and Brazilian deserts
aren't the best enjoyed it so much and
you're just becoming a student at least
for a day it's a completely
life-changing experience you're like
you're a completely different person
during the state now I'm back to
business blogs that I felt as a school
child for this day so thank you so much
for calling me for watching this video
subscribe to this channel and we're
waiting for your enquiries we're happy
to help you become student again